Now
when we look at the examples, right?
So there are three, you need to look at three aspects, right?
The with respect to the in context learning technique,
these in context learning techniques,
it actually helps in interpreted the outputs.
And there are three in context learning techniques,
namely there is a zero shot learning technique,
there's a one shot learning technique
and there is a few short learning technique.
Now when we look at the zero shot, right,
so zero shot is primarily you go when you go
ahead and provide a instruction to the large language model,
even without any an example,
right? It is still able to understand
your the instruction, the context and provide some
accurate output. Now that's what we saw, right?
When we looked at this particular example,
like with respect to what is the capital letter in the country? India.
So we did not train the model without any examples,
it was still able to provide the output because it has already been pre trained
with billions of parameters. So that is zero short learning.
Now one shot learning is say for example, you provide an input,
right?
Why? Uh so when you give an instruction,
you might want to give uh you know, get an output based on a single example.
Say, for example, you might want to generate
uh ticket data template
with fields like uh you know the ticket description,
the um assigned to the priority of the ticket.
Or you might want to, you know, specify you uh you know the uh
uh summarize
the document in 200 words
and bullet it,
right.
So like that, when you give the prompt that way, so you by just giving one example,
it will be in a position to give your output.
Then there is another one which is the few short learning where
in which the model will be able to predict the outcome.
After a few examples say, for example, you are having a uh d uh defect data.
Now in your defect data,
you might have different types of defects. So you might take a few defect data,
you might classify the defects like uh defect A is a configuration defect defect.
B is more of a design defect defect. C is more of a testing defect like that.
You might go ahead and make some classifications.
Now, after you give those, then what will happen is after seeing a few
example,
the large language model will go will be in a
position to generalize for the remaining defects that flowing.
So when we actually look at uh you know uh the uh
data and examples So we need to be aware of these three
aspects.
We are the three in context learning techniques,
namely the zero shot one shot
and the few shot learnings.
Now
we'll see what are the best practices for better prompt writing.
So when we actually write a prompt,
we need to provide as much context as possible
in the prompt to avoid hallucination
in the example that I showed you, right.
So when we gave the context, so for example, the keys are lost and provide the step,
the output that was generated was much different
as compared to my access key to the github
copilot application is lost, right? So the response was totally different.
Similarly, we need to be very explicit.
So we need to ask the LM to think step by step or debate,
the pros and cons before providing an exam uh uh response.
Say for example,
if you're in a work,
if you're a part of an application maintenance or an infrastructure
outsourcing project, then uh you might be encountering scenarios
where uh
mm there there could be issues, right?
An application uh may not be opening because the CP utilization might be going high,
right?
The performance might be degraded.
Now,
when we uh when there is an issue that is raised,
then um and when we ask the uh
when we uh craft a prompt to provide the resolution for that particular uh issue,
then it might probably, you know,
provide a response to go ahead and restart the server as the CPU utilization is high.
But then if the application is a critical
application just going ahead and restarting the server,
it might not be uh appropriate, right?
So we need to tell the LLM to debate on the pros and cons as to what is the impact, right?
Or if the application has to be restarted,
so then the LLM will go look at the criticality. Uh
I need to look at all the aspects before it
will be in a position to give the appropriate answer.
Then we'll also need to provide the examples and that's what we also saw, right?
Uh We need to provide example as to where exactly we need to focus on or we need to
provide examples as to how the output should look
like in terms of a list or tabular format.
Or, you know, if uh whether the uh example needs to be, you know,
if it needs to be generated as per a particular template like that,
also, we need to focus on setting constraints.
So when we are actually summarizing an output of success,
he was telling about summarizing uh uh a document, right?
So when we are going ahead and summarizing, we might want to, you know, summarize it,
you know, by specifying
uh you know, the number of words summarize in 250 words
or summarize by only focusing on the legal aspects or security aspects.
So when we just give,
when we limit the length or when we force
it to focus on specific aspects of the problem,
then
our responses will be more accurate.
Uh And also we need to bear in mind the token costs and
all those things then that we might need to try with different formats,
right?
We might need to ask question, make a statement, you know, so you were,
you saw as well, right?
So when I just asked the question, so what is the capital then why, you know,
I when I made a statement, right, as an English professor,
what is the capital?
So you might want to try different formats, put different personas,
you know, to get the different to output and then you might want to uh you know,
as you get the responses,
you know, uh from a responsible A I perspective,
when we go ahead and validate the outputs, we might want to see, right,
how the output is
and that's where uh uh you know, if it is not proper, we, we end up
re uh refining the prompts continuously.